1. Taylor Swift marries Travis Kelce in NYC ceremony officiated by Adam Sandler
2. In pictures: Stars and fans celebrate Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's wedding
3. Instagram running ads promoting child sexual abuse material in India, BBC finds
4. Russia looks to students to make up for mounting losses in Ukraine
5. China's internet got so mad about a celebrity's 'bad' singing, her concert was cancelled
6. Row after Indian state drops eggs from school lunch menu
7. Holders Argentina break Cape Verde hearts with extra-time win
8. Fireworks, flyovers and a 'really long' Trump speech ahead as US celebrates 250th
9. UK's Starmer tells of 'intensely personal' decision to quit and warns Burnham in first interview since resigning
10. Alex Eala's historic Wimbledon run thrills boxing-obsessed Philippines
11. Pakistan syndicate allegedly smuggled human placentas, say police
12. Large crowds gather in Tehran on first day of Ayatollah Khamenei's funeral
13. Keiko Fujimori declared winner of Peru's presidential election weeks after vote
14. More to explore
15. In pictures: Stars and fans celebrate Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's wedding
16. Police, fans and celebrities - What it's like outside the Swift wedding
17. South Korean football is dead, say furious fans, as they demand sweeping reform
18. More cows than pupils - what is behind mass school closures in rural Kenya?
19. 'Hotter and hotter and hotter' - Europe's new climate in seven charts
20. Watch: Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce wed in NYC - here's how the day unfolded
21. A mayor in Japan announced her maternity leave - and got the whole country talking
22. World Cup 2026
23. England-Mexico 1am kick-off unchanged after Fifa U-turn
24. Eight of the 10 most populous countries are not in the World Cup
25. Farewell Cape Verde - the underdogs the World Cup will never forget
26. Salah's Panenka helps Egypt edge Australia in shootout
27. Germany want Klopp talks as Nagelsmann resigns
28. Most watched
29. BBC confronts head of Meta in India over child sex abuse ads
30. Watch: Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce wed in NYC - here's how the day unfolded
31. Why dangerous teen sex choking is raising alarm
32. Watch: Couple scale Empire State Building, get engaged and are arrested
33. Police, fans and celebrities - What it's like outside the Swift wedding
34. Also in news
35. Brutal heat cancels Fourth of July events, from DC to Philadelphia
36. Nasa launches mission to save falling space telescope
37. Row after Indian state drops eggs from school lunch menu
38. Iran nuclear and military damage revealed after restricted satellite images released
39. Zuma showing South Africa 'middle finger' by meeting Gupta brother - minister
40. Northern Ireland's long links with USA celebrated on Fourth of July
41. Most read
42. In pictures: Stars and fans celebrate Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's wedding
43. Taylor Swift marries Travis Kelce in NYC ceremony officiated by Adam Sandler
44. Russia looks to students to make up for mounting losses in Ukraine
45. Dine-and-dash pair enjoy lavish seafood meal and eight Cokes without paying
46. Fireworks, flyovers and a 'really long' Trump speech ahead as US celebrates 250th
47. Starmer tells of 'intensely personal' decision to quit and warns Burnham in first interview since resigning
48. China's internet got so mad about a celebrity's 'bad' singing, her concert was cancelled
49. Row after Indian state drops eggs from school lunch menu
50. Eight of the 10 most populous countries are not in the World Cup
51. A mayor in Japan announced her maternity leave - and got the whole country talking
52. Sport
53. Five and a half hours that left England's World Cup tie in chaos
54. England team booed on arrival at Mexico City hotel
55. Murals, flags and beef dishes - Messi mania takes hold in Miami
56. Colombia beat Ghana to secure final last-16 spot
57. Farewell Cape Verde - the underdogs the World Cup will never forget
58. Nations Championship: Baloucoune ruled out for Ireland against Australia
59. All Blacks beat France in thrilling Nations Championship opener
